This game is about a guy needing to do his homework, you will need to search informations for it via imported search bar, but with a twist, when trying to search for it you will face sevier challenges, 


challenges ideas
1. lost mouse, lost keyboard, lost search icon
2. where to find the things - in the hay, in a code 


function
animations a lot, then draging, clicking at some objects, jumping game mabye


things to do - jumping game, snake scorer and then 

Theme make it into old school kid with an old pc

make only one ending 


1. page into the backstory showind the character
This page is gonna be into older fashion, pixalated mabye and will be playable only on pc


DONT FORGET TO TELL THE IMAGES ARE AI GENERATER


(add sounds)
1. text on the landing page 

Welcome to the (name of the game), your mission today is simple Help Peter with his homework, to continue this game you will need to sign up to make your progress saveable
please crete an account or login into already existing one.





Project will have 6 stages the stages will be devided by users xp and will unlock by time, there wont be inventory, only mabye if the user has enought xp 
It can be used like that, but owning one item per stage



Texts 

Welcome again, let me give you a quick knowhow on this

As you will see in a second, there are 6 stages, 1 stage is unlocked and the other 5 are locked for now 
each stage will provide you with unique expirience, by completing stages you will complete tasks.

The tasks are on the left side of the page, you have to do them gradually, the goal of the game is simple
complete everytask and get Peter out of trouble. I wish you good luck and I hope you won't fail my trust


1. stage
On the fist stage you will expirience this 

2. stage 


on this stage I would like to intruduce some games - like he uses the password to play games on his moms computer and he will have to score some 
to get to the next stage or use the key to find a file that will be encrypted and something will be there


things to do: turn on wifi button different design

I need to create a layout to other stages and keep track of the users xp, the worst thing will be optimalization and vercel hostin


stage 3.

I have no idea what to do in stage 3. and I have other 4 to do

we can do lock, with jumping game, so I basicly need to open lets say locked treasure and I need to find a key, it will be jumping game and at the end I will pick
up the key, then I will be able to open it up and that will be phase 3.


stage 4 I will find something in the locked chest then there will something and i will use it next


feed back report a bug in feed back and that we reallz apreatz the feedback

and idk if they find the miske i will be mappy if they 

thing that I need to do today later;

do the other stages, make the story telling normal and replace the homework dashbord to normall story tellin data

So what do we have, we need something more complicated at the end of the game.
We have search, then we have pc game, then we have secret code, then we chest on the beach to find another key under a rock and then I open a chest and there is something in there


mabye ai could help me 
Prompt I need help with my game this is the story point, the game is into retro style and  character welcome you, he need to complete total 6 stages, I have done 4 and need to end it in some way, I have that the first he uses search bar to google for secret then he uses the secret to get to moms computer, then he plays snakes need to get score to get to the next stage on the next stage he plays like jump king and gets a key there which he then uses to open a chest where is something. Now I need to make a background and change mabye the topic while keeping the games, search bar and chest, I need to make story to make sence

🔷 Revised Story Premise
You play as a curious kid who discovers an old, dusty retro computer in the attic. It boots into a strange, forgotten operating system called "EchoOS". This computer used to belong to their mom when she was a child, and it holds memories, secrets, and locked-away pieces of her past.

To uncover what’s hidden and why the machine was forgotten, the player must complete 6 “memory stages”, each one styled like a classic game but themed around a memory, puzzle, or emotional beat.

🔷 Story Flow (By Stage)
Stage 1 – The Search (Google-style interface)
The player uses a fake retro “EchoNet” search bar to look up a term found in a notebook or clue.

They search for “Mom’s Secret Project” or “Vault Code.”

Hidden in the search results is a clue/code that unlocks the next phase.

Theme: Curiosity / Discovery
Mechanic: Searching, clicking links, decoding fake websites.

Stage 2 – The Lock (Computer Interface)
The player enters a password/code into Mom’s old computer account.

This unlocks access to her childhood files, revealing a game launcher called “Echo Games.”

Theme: Secrets / Access
Mechanic: Password input, file exploration, simple puzzles.

Stage 3 – Snake Game Challenge
The player must beat a certain score in a Snake mini-game.

This game was one of Mom’s favorites and a gateway to deeper parts of the system.

Theme: Fun / Nostalgia
Mechanic: Classic Snake, retro vibe, increasingly harder.

Stage 4 – The Climb (Jump King-style Level)
Platforming challenge where the player climbs a pixel-tower of memories to reach a glowing key.

Theme: Effort / Growth
Mechanic: Precision platforming, frustration, reward (key).

Stage 5 – The Chest (Treasure Room)
Using the key from the climb, the player opens a locked chest in the attic, revealing an old disk drive labeled "Project ECHO."

Theme: Discovery / Sentiment
Mechanic: Interaction, opening the chest, triggering next story beat.

Stage 6 – Final Memory / Message
The disk is inserted into the old computer.

It launches a pixel-animated scene or cutscene showing Mom as a kid creating “EchoOS” as a dream project.

She leaves a message: “If you found this, then maybe you’re ready to keep dreaming too.”

Ending could offer a choice to continue exploring or shut down the system.

Theme: Legacy / Passing the Torch
Mechanic: Narrative, animated scene, soft emotional ending.

🔷 Final Notes
Keep the games: All the gameplay types you already built (search bar, Snake, Jump King, chest unlock) work great.

Wrap them in a story about curiosity, nostalgia, and generational memory.

Optional: Include a light mystery or emotional core (e.g., Mom gave up her dream, and now the player can finish what she started).

Would you like help with:

Dialogue ideas for the character/narrator?

In-game text and memory files?

Title screen concept?

Code-based implementation for transitions or scenes?

Let me know what part you’re focusing on next!

GAME_INTRO


I have found and old computer in the basement that seems a little bit forgotten